the sound of gunfire and explosions ring
out around the alifa
hospital it finds itself once again
Under Siege surrounded by the Israeli
military in Northern
[Music]
Gaza in alah hospital in Gaza City they
have buried their dead on the grounds
they are Graves all over Gaza now inside
they have less than the basics
I was part of the medical crew operating
in elifa hospital before it was stormed
by Israeli forces I've come to serve at
the Baptist hospital and as you see
total absence of resources we're working
in conditions that are not fit for
patients or even medical Crews huge
numbers of victims are flooding into the
hospital we've run out of beds above all
more than half of all medical staff have
been either killed or detained by the
Israelis the situation is more than dire
as you can
see while hospitals are surrounded
others mourn their dead from the latest
Israeli
strikes they were breaking their fast
when they were bombed what can we
say what is their fault these are women
and girls what did they do these are
displaced people who fled from Death to
death all hopes of a possible ceasefire
are fading
away Israel does not want to ceasefire
instead it wants to continue
Exterminating the Palestinian people
this is what Israel and America are
planning
simultaneously and once again just as
Palestinian blood continues to flow so
too do their
tears Assad bag Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe be to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer